README.md, before:

# CppDiep

This is a very simple 2D game based on [Diep.io](https://diep.io/).
It is a personal project originally intended to be used as a reinforcement learning environment.
It might have been better to write this with the ECS pattern instead of OOP but I didn't know about ECS when I started this project.

## Building

Building this project requires Box2D 2.3 (not 2.4, which changed header names) and SFML 2.5.
Commands for Debian 11:
```bash
sudo apt install git g++ make cmake libbox2d-dev libsfml-dev
git clone https://github.com/bkrl/cppdiep.git && cd cppdiep
mkdir build && cd build
cmake -DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=Release ..
make -j $(nproc)
```

## Documentation

Doxygen documentation is available at https://cppdiep.alexyzhang.dev/.
It can be generated by running `doxygen`.

## Gameplay

You control the blue tank and try to kill the red tank, which will automatically shoot at you and move towards you.
Move with the WASD keys and aim with the mouse.
Left click to fire or press E to toggle automatic firing.

https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/97085527/188358716-110e7447-5100-4506-a516-5501f43e0a8b.mp4

Commit message:

Update for Box2D 2.4.1
The CMake config now sets the version properly, header names have
changed, user data is now an std::uintptr_t, and chain shapes are now
one-sided so the border vertices have to be listed in the right order.

README.md, after:

# CppDiep

This is a very simple 2D game based on [Diep.io](https://diep.io/).
It is a personal project originally intended to be used as a reinforcement learning environment.
It might have been better to write this with the ECS pattern instead of OOP but I didn't know about ECS when I started this project.

## Building

Building this project requires Box2D 2.4.1 and SFML 2.5.
Commands for Fedora 36:
```bash
sudo dnf install git gcc-c++ make cmake Box2D-devel SFML-devel
git clone https://github.com/bkrl/cppdiep.git && cd cppdiep
mkdir build && cd build
cmake -DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=Release ..
make -j $(nproc)
```

## Documentation

Doxygen documentation is available at https://cppdiep.alexyzhang.dev/.
It can be generated by running `doxygen`.

## Gameplay

You control the blue tank and try to kill the red tank, which will automatically shoot at you and move towards you.
Move with the WASD keys and aim with the mouse.
Left click to fire or press E to toggle automatic firing.

https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/97085527/188358716-110e7447-5100-4506-a516-5501f43e0a8b.mp4
